AMENDMENT NO. 3 Dated as of February 19, 2007 Reference is hereby made to that certain fully executed Wireless Content License Agreement Number 12965 dated as of December 16, 2004, as amended November 11, 2005 and March 27, 2006 (the “ Agreement ”), between Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. (“ Fox”), as Administrator for Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation, and Glu Mobile Inc. (“ Licensee ”).

The parties agree to modify the Agreement as follows:

1. EXTENSION OF TERM : The first paragraph of Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:

“TERM: The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the “ Term”); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including  Robots, Kingdom of Heaven , Mr. and Mrs. Smith , In Her Shoes , Idiocracy (Oww My Balls)  and Ice Age II , all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008.” 2. NOTICE PROVISION : The notice information for Licensee in Section 17(a) of the Agreement shall be amended such that “Paul Zuzelo” is deleted and replaced with “General Counsel”, and such that the email address for Paul Zuzelo is deleted.

Except as herein expressly amended or by necessary implication modified by this Amendment, the Agreement in all other respects is hereby ratified and shall continue in full force and effect.

By signing in the places indicated below, the parties hereto accept and agree to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

Glu Mobile Inc. (“ Licensee ”)    Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. (“ Fox”) By: /s/ Albert A. Pimentel    By: /s/ Jamie Samson Name: Albert A. Pimentel    Name: Jamie Samson Its: EVP and CFO    Its: Senior Vice President Date:     Date:

Clause: (New Version)

Source: Reimagined Games Inc., IPO Filing, Drafted [Today's Date]

In no event shall the User be entitled to seek recourse against the Company or its Affiliates for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Services, even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages. The User acknowledges that the Services are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. In the event that the Company's liability arises in any manner whatsoever, the User agrees that the Company's liability will be limited solely to the amount paid by the User for the use of the Services during the 12 months preceding the event giving rise to such liability.