Exhibit 10.3 GAS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT (“Agreement”), made and entered into this 17th day of November, 2015, by and between the TOWN OF VINTON, VIRGINIA, a Virginia municipal corporation (“Grantor”), and ROANOKE GAS COMPANY, a Virginia corporation (“Grantee”).

WHEREAS , Grantor has reviewed the proposal for a Gas Franchise of Grantee; and WHEREAS , Grantor, at a duly authorized and regular meeting of its Town Council, did vote to grant a renewal of the Gas Franchise to Grantee pursuant to provisions of the State Code and Town Charter.

NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of said grant of renewal of the Gas Franchise, the parties agree as follows:

1. GRANT. Grantor hereby grants to Grantee and Grantee hereby accepts a franchise to construct, reconstruct, operate, maintain, repair, and extend a Gas Distribution System within Grantor’s Territorial Limits in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below (“Franchise”). The Franchise is granted pursuant to Grantor’s Franchise Ordinance (Ordinance No.

967), adopted November 17, 2015, (“Ordinance”), which is incorporated by reference herein, including any applicable definitions.

2. TERM. The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.

3. FRANCHISE FEE .

(a) The Localities (defined as Grantor, City of Roanoke, City of Salem, and Town of Vinton, singularly referred to as a "Locality") hereby agree that Grantee is required to pay a Franchise Fee, the calculation method for which is detailed within this Section. It is acknowledged by both parties that the Grantee has or will establish franchise agreements with the Localities, and that these agreements shall contain fee provisions equivalent to those outlined in the present document. The total annual Franchise Fee payable to each Locality individually for calendar year 2016 ("base year total annual Franchise Fee") is $98,196.

However, it is important to note that the Grantee's obligation towards the Franchise Fee shall not exceed its pro rata share of the base year total annual Franchise Fee. This pro rata share will be determined by calculating the percentage ratio between the dollar value of Grantee's gas sales within the Localities during the calendar year and the total dollar value of all gas sales made by the Localities combined during the same period. For each subsequent year of the Franchise, the pro rata share for each Locality will be calculated using the following formula:

[The formula here remains the same as in the original clause.]

total dollar value of Grantee’s gas sales within Locality’s percentage share  = the Territorial Limits of the locality total dollar value of Grantee’s gas sales in the three localities For calendar year 2016, the Franchise Fee shall be paid to Grantor on or before March 31, 2017.

Source: RGC RESOURCES INC, 8-K, 12/16/2015 (b) For each succeeding calendar year during the term of this Franchise, the total annual Franchise Fee paid by Grantee to the localities shall be the base year total annual Franchise Fee increased by three (3) percent compounded annually over the term of the Franchise.  For each calendar year during the term of this Franchise, Grantor’s percentage share shall be determined pursuant to this Section, and paid to Grantor on or before March 31 of the succeeding calendar year.

4. BUSINESS OFFICE . Grantee shall during the term of this Franchise maintain at least one business office within the Territorial Limits of Grantor. Such office shall be open at least forty (40) hours per week for the conduct of business between Grantee and its customers.

5. NONDISCRIMINATION . Grantee shall not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other basis prohibited by state law relating to discrimination in employment, except where there is a bona fide occupational qualification reasonably necessary to the normal operation of the Grantee.

6. NOTICE. All notices required under this Agreement or the Ordinance shall be in writing and shall be deemed validly given, unless otherwise required, when sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally recognized overnight courier, addressed as follows (or any other address the party to be notified may have designated to the sender by like notice):

Grantor: Grantee:

Town of Vinton  Roanoke Gas Company Attention: Town Manager  Attention: President 311 S. Pollard Street  519 Kimball Avenue, N.E.

Vinton, Virginia  24179 P.O. Box 13007 Roanoke, Virginia 24030 The parties may, by notice given under this Section, designate such other addresses as they may deem appropriate for the receipt of notices under this Agreement.

7. EFFECTIVE DATE . The effective date of the Franchise will be January 1, 2016.

SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGES Source: RGC RESOURCES INC, 8-K, 12/16/2015 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement by their authorized representatives.

WITNESS:   ROANOKE GAS COMPANY /s/ Diane L. Conner   By /s/ John S. D'Orazio John S. D'Orazio, President and CEO Diane L. Conner, Assistant to CEO   12/14/2015 Printed Name and Title WITNESS:   TOWN OF VINTON, VIRGINIA /s/ Susan N. Johnson   By /s/ Christopher S. Lawrence Christopher S. Lawrence, Town Manager Susan N. Johnson, Town Clerk Printed Name and Title Source: RGC RESOURCES INC, 8-K, 12/16/2015