Exhibit  8 SUPPLIER/SUBCONTRACTOR  CONTRACT 1. By execution of this Supplier/Subcontractor Contract ( “Contract”), _______________ ( “Supplier”) agrees and acknowledges that:  (i) all images and/or trademarks, including, but not limited to PLAYBOY, (the  “Playboy Properties ”) applied at the request of _______________  (“Purchaser”) to merchandise covered by this Contract are owned by Playboy  Enterprises International, Inc. ( “Playboy”), and when used upon  merchandise means that such merchandise is sponsored, approved,  recommended or sold by Playboy or its licensees; (ii) Supplier will not  sell, ship or otherwise dispose of any such merchandise except upon the  order of Purchaser or Playboy; (iii) Supplier will never make, cause others to make or assist others in making, any claim whatsoever to any or  all of the Playboy Properties or any trademark, copyright, designation,  name, phrase, design or symbol similar thereto in connection with the  manufacture, advertising, promotion, sale or distribution of merchandise;  and (iv) Supplier will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and Playboy and the distributors and dealers and the officers and employees of  each of the foregoing against all liability whatsoever which may be  incurred by them or any of them as a result of any alleged defects in  material or workmanship in the merchandise covered by this  Contract.

2. Supplier  agrees that no production or manufacture of any merchandise covered by  this Contract will commence until this Contract has been signed, dated and  returned by Supplier to Purchaser.  Supplier further agrees that  it will not produce, cause to be produced or assist in the production of  more units than are specified by Purchaser nor will Supplier produce, cause to be produced or assist in the production of any product or item  not specifically requested by Purchaser using any or all of the Playboy  Properties or any trademark, copyright, designations, names, phrases,  designs or symbols similar to any or all of the Playboy Properties during  or at any time after the completion of merchandise requested by this  Contract.

3. Supplier  will, upon request from Purchaser or Playboy, deliver to Purchaser or will  destroy in the presence of Purchaser or its representative(s), all molds,  designs or any other elements used in reproducing any or all of the  Playboy Properties.

4. Playboy  is an intended third -party beneficiary of this  Contract.

5. This Contract, when attached to a purchase order, shall consist of the entire  agreement between the parties and shall supersede any conflicting or  contrary terms and conditions of any purchase order or other order form  whether supplied by Purchaser or  Supplier.

6. Playboy reserves the right to unilaterally modify or terminate this Contract at any time, without prior notice. Any such modifications or terminations will be binding upon the parties, provided that written confirmation is subsequently provided by an authorized representative of Playboy within a reasonable timeframe following the modification or termination. However, the failure to provide such written confirmation shall not invalidate the modification or termination itself.

In essence, this revised clause strengthens the power of Playboy to modify or terminate the contract without needing the agreement of the other party. Additionally, it shifts responsibility for providing notice of such modifications or terminations to Playboy, rather than requiring their provision beforehand as in the original clause.

Source: PLAYBOY ENTERPRISES INC, 10-Q/A, 2/20/2009 7. VIOLATION  OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SUPPLIER MAY RESULT IN PROSECUTION FOR PLAYBOY PROPERTIES INFRINGEMENT, UNFAIR COMPETITION AND OTHER CAUSES OF ACTION AND  THE IMPOSITION OF FINES AND/OR CRIMINAL  PENALTIES.

SUPPLIER  PURCHASER (Name  of Company - Please Print) By: By:

Title:  Title:

Date: [Specific date]

Original Clause:
"Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer that all goods sold under this Agreement shall be free of any liens, encumbrances or other claims whatsoever, except for those already disclosed in writing by Seller to Buyer prior to the execution of this Agreement."

Rewritten Clause:
"Buyer acknowledges and accepts that the goods purchased under this Agreement may be subject to certain liens, encumbrances or other claims, as long as such liens, encumbrances or other claims have been disclosed in writing by Seller to Buyer prior to the execution of this Agreement."

In this revised clause, the responsibility for disclosing potential claims on the goods has shifted from the Seller to the Buyer. The obligation of the Seller to provide goods free of liens or encumbrances has been weakened by removing that commitment entirely.

SUPPLIER  INFORMATION  PLAYBOY Name:  Name:  PLAYBOY.COM,  INC.

Address:  Address:  730 Fifth Avenue New York, NY  10019 Contact:  Contact:

Telephone:  Telephone:  212-261-5000 Facsimile:  Facsimile:  212-957-2950 Source: PLAYBOY ENTERPRISES INC, 10-Q/A, 2/20/2009